 Dataset named 'UKretail.csv' contains a sample of transaction level data of a UK-based and registered non-store online retail.The company mainly sells unique all-occasion gifts. Many customers of the company are wholesalers. Data span the period between 2010-12-01 and 2011-12-09 and stem from the UCI Machine Learning Repository (publicly available).

Your task:

Build a predictive model explaining either time until next order or revenue of next order for any customer. Selection is yours!
All exploratory techniques and predictive models are allowed, as long as: 

- you present only one solution / model, written in form of code
- you use both R (at least 25% of your code) and Python (at least 50% of your code). You are free to use any CRAN packages. As for Python, it's best to stick to packages included in latest release of Anaconda
- if you produce visuals / graphs, entire related code needs to be included
- your predictors are extracted only from given dataset. No external data are allowed

A few hints:

- please keep your solution concise and limited to relevant outputs only
- you can attach text comments to your solution either in the code or in a separate text file
- exploratory data analysis and validation are part of the model

Attribute Information:

InvoiceNo: Invoice number. Nominal, a 6-digit integral number uniquely assigned to each transaction. If this code starts with letter 'c', it indicates a cancellation. 
StockCode: Product (item) code. Nominal, a 5-digit integral number uniquely assigned to each distinct product. 
Description: Product (item) name. Nominal. 
Quantity: The quantities of each product (item) per transaction. Numeric.	
InvoiceDate: Invoice Date and time. Numeric, the day and time when each transaction was generated. 
UnitPrice: Unit price. Numeric, Product price per unit in sterling. 
CustomerID: Customer number. Nominal, a 5-digit integral number uniquely assigned to each customer. 
Country: Country name. Nominal, the name of the country where each customer resides.
